helm is a package manager for kubernetes to which allow us to install kubernetes controllers or third party applications.
mychart/
  Chart.yaml
  values.yaml
  charts/
  templates/
  ...


artificate hub is public helm repository for installing the applications or the software from the repository.

The main features of helm charts are.
1) install the helm charts
2) update the helm charts
3) uninstall the helm charts
4) create our own helm charts and update it.

1)helm version check
to check the helm version we use a command called
helm version.

chart is a bundle or a package of applications.

kubectl config current-context - will list out the current context of the kubernetes.

note - bitnami is the popular repository that u can use on day to day basis

some prerequistie to install the helm on to local machine
1)in macos we use brew
ans - brew install helm - will install the helm onto local machine.

2) add the repo to ur local machine using

helm repo add bitnami https://charts.bitnami.com/bitnami

3)install the required application from the repo

helm install mynignx bitnami/nginx


4) the command used to search applications inside bitnami repo
helm search repo bitnami | grep nginx

5) helm repo update eks - command used to update the repo.

6)from the command called    1) helm create payments
                              there will be three 4 files created inside of this repo
            i) Charts.yaml ii)values.yaml iii) templates iv) charts -it can be ignored
i) chart.yaml - contains metadata of chart like i)owner of the chart ii) version of the chart  iii) application version.

ii)templates - it is a folder which contains all the yaml files related to an application 
ex - deployment.yaml,config.yaml,service.yaml

iii) values.yaml -file used to customize any file that is inside the templates folder by passing required values 


the command used to package applications

helm package shipment - after this there will be an zip file cretated

after creating the helm package 
end of the time we should use 

helm repo index .



