Kubernetes services
ans - service is component inside worker node  and which is responisble for exposing an application to end users.
i) kubernetes load balancing
ii) service discovery
iii) expose to world

note - service will allow us to acces the application outside the kubernetes cluster.

we can create service of three types
1) clusterIp - application can be accesed inside the cluster
2) Nodeport - application can be accessed a particular organisation users
3) Loadbalancer - application can be accessed any of the public users

Note - service is a method to attach it to many pods to acces the application outside the world.
pods - also called as backends

service not only provides the network interface to access the application but also provides the policy to acces the pods.

Loadbalancer type service info.

1) Loadbalancer questions
ex - loadbalancer service type can be used only inside the cloud platforms
ans - ber metal lb implementation

2) from service if we can able to access the application why we use ingress resource.

ingress controller will watch for ingress resources .

points to remember 
i) ingress resources will allocate ip address
ii) some of the loadbalancer can sit inside the load balancer or outside the loadbalancer
iii) An API object that manages external access to the services in a cluster, typically HTTP.
iv) kubectl get ing - to list out the ingress resources
v) using curl command we can acces the ip address or an hostname
vi) tls layer - It is a transport layer security which authenticates a data communication between a web browser and a server.

adding security to the ingress conttroller
ssl passthrough - transfers the data from the client to the server without any data decryption at loadbalancer level

ssl offloading is concept in ingress resource if we do enable it during application it will authenticates the data coming from the browser.
and then transfers the 

tls briding - it decrypts the data comming from the browser and decrypts at the loadbalncer leve then tranfser it to the server.

there are three types of security layers that can be attched to ingress resource.
i) ssl passthrough
ii) ssl offloading
iii) tls briding


we can add the tls to ingress resource by storing tls vlaue insdie a secret config file
ex -
secretName: tls-secret
